Minutes Week 6 4/09/2019

Stand Up

Umut:

- Need to add the &#39;so that&#39; element to the ones that are missing.
- Other groups are doing motivational models, architectural diagrams.

Kane

- Did some diagrams for software architecture
- Set up the documentation.

Joel

- Added front end for editing image after it has been uploaded
- Documentation will auto display the contents page
- Started getting front end working for James&#39;s rewrite of the backend

James

- Rewrote the backend to make things simpler for upcoming features
- Makes it a lot easier to work with.
- Auto delete images, cleaner optimisation
-

Jordan

- Started working on the tagging system
- Migrated all existing documentation over to markup in the new folders.
